Improve throughput sample user interface (#7889)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/throughput/README.rst

1. |connect_terminal_both_ANSI|
#. Reset both kits.

> #. Press **Button 1** or type ``master`` in the terminal on the kit to set the kit into master (tester) role.

Author: There are two terminals (the same as there are two buttons 1). One on master and one on slave board, so the previous form was more accurate IMO. The same for below comment.

> #. Press **Button 1** or type ``central`` in the terminal on the kit to set the kit into central (tester) role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Press **Button 1** on the first development kit or type ``central`` in the terminal on the first kit to set it into the central (tester) role.
```

Author: Maybe one more change from me. Terminal is not actuality `on` the kit, but it is connected to the kit, so maybe:
```
#. Press **Button 1** on the first development kit or type ``central`` in the terminal
   connected to the first kit to set it into the central (tester) role.
```

Reviewer: Sounds great, @doki-nordic !

> #. Press **Button 2** or type ``peripheral`` in the terminal on the other kit to set the kit into peripheral (peer) mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Press **Button 2** on the second development kit or type ``peripheral`` in the terminal on the other kit to set it into the peripheral (peer) role.
```
Is it mode or role?

Author: role

Reviewer: OK, so please use my suggestion's edit :)
